{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deflang1033\plain\fs24\fet1
{\fonttbl
{\f0\fswiss Helvetica;}
}
{\colortbl
;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red61\green204\blue61;
\red255\green64\blue25;
\red43\green217\blue217;
\red61\green71\blue77;
\red220\green226\blue230;
\red255\green170\blue0;
\red161\green121\blue242;
\red0\green10\blue0;
\red247\green87\blue140;
}
{\info
{\createim\yr2025\mo10\dy1\hr13\min38}
}

\hyphauto1\paperw12247\paperh15819\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440
\slmult0\ltrpar\li0
{\fs20
OTIS MASTER MENU
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li0
LP/LPMENU

When you log in before entering the Master Menu--
- Number of Accounts
- Total Ledger
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li200
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
F10 INTERRUPT MENU
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
Account Inquiry
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li600
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
Borrower Changes
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li800
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
Global Loan Scan
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li800
Used to scan for a SSN to make sure it isn't associated with anyone else. Wish that it could go across the whole company. Will only scan in the risc you are logged into on OTIS
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li1000
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
Loan Applications
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li1200
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
Loan Quoter
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
Used to mess around with the numbers
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat3\ltrpar\li1400
{\cf1\cb3\fs20
Mail Box
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li1600
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
Payment Posting
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat3\ltrpar\li1800
{\cf1\cb3\fs20
Sales Finance Quoter
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li2000
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
Inter Branch Payments
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li2200
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
Approval Limit
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat3\ltrpar\li2400
{\cf1\cb3\fs20
World Class Buying Club
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat3\ltrpar\li2600
{\cf1\cb3\fs20
Set Printer Pitch
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li2800
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
Bulletin Board
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li2800
DMs: Use to see who they need to talk to. Half of the employees update this and half do not
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat3\ltrpar\li3000
{\cf1\cb3\fs20
Employee Time Sheet Entry
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li200
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
1. DAILY PROCESSING
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
Before getting to the menu OTIS displays:
- Location Number (Branch)
- Transaction Date-- enter manually or hit "Enter" for the default of today's date
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
1. Open/Close Cash Drawers
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
The branch starts and ends each day with $600. That number is divided up amongst the DMs and FSRs and those people have their own Cash Drawers/Registers and own money bag at their desk. At EOD, each individual closes their drawer with the following info:
- Beginning Cash Balance--to include net cash transactions (loans) and Net Cash Transactions (Notes)
- This then gives you a calculation of Expected Ending Balance
- The individual enters their Ending Drawer Balance and OTIS tells them if the Cash is over/short. The person then puts their initials by Balanced By and prints??

Any amount over the $600 is deposited at EOD. BM fills out a deposit slip and takes the money and deposits it at Wells Fargo. The next morning the BM goes to the bank and gets 2 copies of the validated deposit slip and staples it to the previos day's QED report.
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat3\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb3\fs20
2. Sales Finance
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
3. Direct Loan
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
4. Payment Posting
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
5. Daily Recap
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
DMs: can use this if going to a branch and wants to already know the drawer amount before asking a FSR and also can use if a BM calls and they are having issues balancing at EOD
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
6. Cash/Check Transactions
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
1. Cash Drawer Receipts
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
2. Cash Drawer Disbursements
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
3. Check Writing
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
4. Void Check
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
5. Bank Deposits
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
6. Bank Withdrawals
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
7. Batch Check Printing
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
7. Document Print
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat3\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb3\fs20
8. Dealer Batch Check Release
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
9. Changes Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat5\ltrpar\li600
{\b\cf1\cb5\fs20
COLUMN 1
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li800
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
1. Social Security Number
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li800
Used by DMs to change a customer's SSN after a discrepancy. 

FSRs and BMs are not able to change a customer's DOB or SSN after creating the borrower record.
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li1000
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
2. High Credit
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li1200
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
3. Debt Aid Status
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li1400
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
4. Legal Status
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat6\ltrpar\li1600
{\cb6\fs20
5. Dealer Number
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat6\ltrpar\li1800
{\cb6\fs20
6. Insurance Confirmation
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat6\ltrpar\li2000
{\cb6\fs20
7. Automated Next Check Number
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat6\ltrpar\li2200
{\cb6\fs20
8. Freeze Account
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat6\ltrpar\li2400
{\cb6\fs20
9. Revolving Accounts
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat6\ltrpar\li2600
{\cb6\fs20
10. WCBC High Credit
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat6\ltrpar\li2800
{\cb6\fs20
11. Allotment/Lock Box
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li3000
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
12. Charge Off (P&L) Reason Code
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li3000
DMs: If someone has manually charged off an account and use the wrong reason code DMs can go edit the reason code
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat6\ltrpar\li3200
{\cb6\fs20
13. Loan Origin
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat6\ltrpar\li3400
{\cb6\fs20
14. Create/Add Co-Signer
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat6\ltrpar\li3600
{\cb6\fs20
15. Create/Change Payee
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat5\ltrpar\li600
{\b\cf1\cb5\fs20
COLUMN 2
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat6\ltrpar\li800
{\cb6\fs20
16. Loan Reschedule
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat6\ltrpar\li1000
{\cb6\fs20
17. Loan Escrow
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat6\ltrpar\li1200
{\cb6\fs20
18. Change Escrow to Inactive
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat6\ltrpar\li1400
{\cb6\fs20
19. Cease and Desist Status
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat6\ltrpar\li1600
{\cb6\fs20
20. Gross Income
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat6\ltrpar\li1800
{\cb6\fs20
21. TDR's ( Debt Restructure)
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li2000
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
22. Change Source Code
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li2000
DMs can change the source code from FB, NB, etc if the branch has made a mistake in data entry
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li2200
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
23. Change Dual Loan Override Flag
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li2200
If a customer wants another opportunity after having a prior balance in the system for whatever reason--bankruptcy, charge off, etc.--that account/customer will be frozen with a flag and it would need to be overrided if it had occurred in &lt;5 years. 

DMs: can override anything between 2-5 years
RVP: anything less than 2 years will need RVP approval
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat6\ltrpar\li2400
{\cb6\fs20
24. Assign/Unassign Investment
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li2600
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
25. Change Collateral Code
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li2600
DMs: can change the collateral code if someone made a mistake in data entry. Ex) Personal/Auto rather than just auto
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat6\ltrpar\li2800
{\cb6\fs20
26. Change Securitization PoolID
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat3\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb3\fs20
10. Batch Payments
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat3\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb3\fs20
11. Collateral ID Inquiry
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
12. Void Accounts
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
Enter an account number for a direct loan and can void it if the customer has changed their mind.
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat3\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb3\fs20
13. Addons
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat3\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb3\fs20
14. Rescission
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
1. Rescission Update/Delete/Inquiry
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li200
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
2. REPORTS
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
No screens within screens so top down list
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat5\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb5\fs20
PAGE 1
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
LP/LPRMENU
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li600
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
1. Aged Trial Balance
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
LP/LNAGED

DMs: Steve says he uses this rarely but it allows you to pull up particular accounts and see what the balance would be at any point in time
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li800
{\fs20
2. Auditor Endorser Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\fs20
3. Borrower/Loan Summary Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
{\fs20
4. Dealer Analysis Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li1400
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
5. Branch Analysis Report
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li1400
Tells ledger balance, collections how much for principal, late charges etc. Used for P&amp;L info
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1600
{\fs20
6. Loan History File Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1800
{\fs20
7. Aged Trial Balance (By BRNO/POOL)
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2000
{\fs20
8. Aged Trial Balance (By BRNO/DLNO)
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2200
{\fs20
9. Unearned Income Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li2400
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
10. Georgia 'GILA' Restricted Report
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li2400
Used by Shannon's group in particular
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2600
{\fs20
11. Insurance Expiration Report/Extract
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2800
{\fs20
12. Insurance Confirmation Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li3000
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
13. Non Accrual Earnings Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li3200
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
14. Available Credit Report
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li3200
LP/AVAILC

DMs: Use once a month or every 2 months for offices that are on the low volume side. This report gives you a list of customers with their high credit, payment, what they can get for a renewal. Not a lot of people use this but Steve does
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li3400
{\fs20
15. Progress Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li3600
{\fs20
16. Loan Judgement Listing
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li3800
{\fs20
17. Dealer Title Report (By BRNO/DLNO)
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li4000
{\fs20
18. Deferment Exception Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li4200
{\fs20
19. Supervisor Activity Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li4400
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
20. Georgia Loan Tax Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li4400
Used by Shannon's team
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li4600
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
21. Collector Journal Activity Report
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li4600
LP/COLRPT

Shows the calls an employee made on a certain date--what time it started and ended for each call. Can show you who is productive and who may be saying they made calls when they didn't if all of the times for the list are the same.
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li4800
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
22. Collector Journal Unworked Accounts
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li4800
LP/COLRP2

DMs: Shows you accounts that should be getting worked that are not in a particular branch
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li5000
{\fs20
23. Auto Insurance Report/Extraction
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li5200
{\fs20
24. Rescission Index Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li5400
{\fs20
25. Loan Application Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li5600
{\fs20
26. Daily Management Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li5800
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
27. Operations Report
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li5800
Creates bad debt journal entry--uses statistical information like ledger balance, number of loans, delinquency, etc.
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li6000
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
28. Summary Progress Report
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li6000
LP/OPREP2

DMs: Use to see their branches and the categories--POTS, 30 days, etc. and compare from branch to branch, district to district, etc. You can pull some of this info from the Branch Bonus Report but PBi is not goin goff of F11 bc not including 30s and 60s in the percentages (what does this mean exactly?)
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li6200
{\fs20
29. Borrower Age Distribution Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li6400
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
30. Auditor Confidential Loan Report
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li6400
LP/LNAURP

DMs: Gives you a list of customers whose accounts are coded as confidential for whichever reason--bankruptcy, cease and desist, customer request (rare)
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li6600
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
31. Auditor Loan Register
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li6600
LP/AULNRG

DMs: certain things you want to look at in a chosen time frame. Can also pull the same information with a supervision file. This is a good example of different ways to accomplish the same thing within OTIS--uneccessary duplication of info
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li6800
{\fs20
32. Dealer Dash Board Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li7000
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
33. Zipcode Inquiry Report
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li7000
LP/ZIPCOD

DMs: Used to use this much more before marketing improved their solicitation process. Can use this report to look at branches that are closing or may be merging. Helps you look to see if you are missing potential customers in a particular area
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li7200
{\fs20
34. Aged Trial Balance (By BRNO/LPO)
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat5\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb5\fs20
PAGE 2
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
LPR2MU
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li600
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
1. Delinquent At Last Pay
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
LP/LASTPY

DMs: Used to see Mispay, POTs, 30, 60, 90, 120-- you can see what is still past due even after making a payment, date of last payment and amount, promise date, what is due today. 

Accounts get charged off after 120 days. If a past due customer makes a payment today then they will become a POT again and the count up starts over from that bucket. Will never go back to a mispay unless they get current
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li800
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
2. Collection Letter Report
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li800
LP/COLLET

DMs: Can pull a particular branch to see the last time they sent out collection letters. Are supposed to do this weekly (700s are collection letter codes)
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\fs20
3. Aged Trial Balance (BRNO/DLNO/LPO)
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
{\fs20
4. Aged Trial Balance Net of Unearned
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1400
{\fs20
5. Custom Check Extract Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1600
{\fs20
6. Followup Date Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1800
{\fs20
7. Payoff Title Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2000
{\fs20
8. Title Lien Report/Form Extract
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2200
{\fs20
9. Percent Earned Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li2400
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
10. Borrower Do Not Solicit Report
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li2400
LP/DNSRPT

DMs: Can see any customer that has been coded as DNS. You can see if there is an employee that is a bad apple at a branch if a lot of DNS customers have the same person working their account. DNS can also be set by an FSR/BM if a customer was rude
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2600
{\fs20
11. Bankrupt/Legal Status Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2800
{\fs20
12. Flashing Message Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li3000
{\fs20
13. Promise Kept Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li3200
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
14. Open Cash Drawer Report
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li3200
DMs: Tells you the employees and the time they are opening their cash drawers at a chosen branch. 

There is a PBi report that will give this same info and that data is easily exported so this is redundant.
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li3400
{\fs20
15. CHoff/Deficiency Bal Letter Conf
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li3600
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
16. Bankrupt/Legal By Status Date
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li3600
DMs: Review 1-2x/month for audit purposes to see if the branch has any bankrupt accounts

Branches also use this report.
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li3800
{\fs20
17. Insurance Audit Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li4000
{\fs20
18. Loans Aml Field Review
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li4200
{\fs20
19. Notes AML Field Review
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li4400
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
20. Borrower Employer Report
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li4400
DM &amp; Branches: use this report to see paydates for taxes. Allows you to target particular customers
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li4600
{\fs20
21. Borrower Currency Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li4800
{\fs20
22. Bankruptcy A/I Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li5000
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
23. Potential Increased Loans Report
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li5000
LP/PILRPT

DMs: Steve uses this to get a list of custoemrs based on entered criteria. Gives you a list that could potentially be offered refinances for an increased loan account. Can take this list and double check the information before soliciting the customers.
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li5200
{\fs20
24. Age Trial Balance (IB Loan Accrual)
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li5400
{\fs20
25. Escrow Transaction Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li5600
{\fs20
26. Escrow Expiration Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li5800
{\fs20
27. Mexico PL Over/Under 5000
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li6000
{\fs20
28. Aged Trial Balance in Alpha Order
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li6200
{\fs20
29. Union Payment Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li6400
{\fs20
30. Transaction Register by ActionCD
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li6600
{\fs20
31. Loans with PYMTS Within X Days
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li6800
{\fs20
32. Aged Trial Balance By Action Code
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li7000
{\fs20
33. Deferments Granted Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li7200
{\fs20
34. PB Renewal < 10% Report/Extract
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li7400
{\fs20
35. Georgia 4% Closing Fee Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li7600
{\fs20
36. Loans By Borrower State Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat5\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb5\fs20
PAGE 3
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
LPR3MU
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li600
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
1. Borrower Text Opt-In Register
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
LP/BWTXT
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li800
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
2. Bankruptcy Secured/Unsecured Report
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li800
BKREPT

Same as 2,16
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\fs20
3. Escrow Misc Info Expiration Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
{\fs20
4. Daily Accrual2 Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li200
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
3. INQUIRIES
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
LP/LPIQMU
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
1. Borrower Inquiry
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
2. Dealer Statistics Inquiry (Snapshot)
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li800
{\fs20
3. Dealer Statistics Inquiry (Real Time)
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\fs20
4. Branch Statistics Inquiry (Snapshot)
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat8\ltrpar\li1200
{\cf1\cb8\fs20
5. Branch Statistics Inquiry (Real Time)
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
LP/BYINQ3

RVP, DM&amp; Branches: Allows you to see a branches numbers. Very similar to the 2,28 but only lists one branch rather than comparting branch to branch, region to region etc. Branch can see where they are at any given point in time--loan volume, etc.

RVPs: 
- Trap \u8211\'3f F9, 3535, Enter Date
- P8 Recovery \u8211\'3f PL- Profit Loss, P2 - Non-File, P3 \u8211\'3f Bankrupt
- P11 Insurance\u8212\'3fMTD &amp; YTD Sales
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1400
{\fs20
6. State Auditor Inquiry
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1600
{\fs20
7. Flexible Form Inquiry
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1800
{\fs20
8. Global VIN Inquiry
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2000
{\fs20
9. Payment Refcd Check/MO Number Inquiry
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2200
{\fs20
10. Credit Score Statistics Inquiry
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2400
{\fs20
11. Check Inquiry
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li200
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
4. COLLECTION PROCESSING
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
LP/LPCMU
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat5\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb5\fs20
COLUMN 1
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
1. Extraction Run
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li800
{\fs20
2. Collection Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\fs20
3. Create Collector Queues
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li1200
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
4. Collection Work Screen
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
SP/SPINQ

FSRs &amp; BMs use this Work Screen daily. They go to this screen and hit F5 and it pulls up both their 
- Collector Queue Information
- Collector Queue Scan
This tells them the total accounts that need to be worked by category.
Example would be 60+ Contract Delinquent. The branch usually splits up the call queue by those categories. As they work through the list the accounts are taken off of this queue and added the next day or the day that collection is promised. They make a daily call to the customer and one to one of their references and change the reference they call each day. They make a note for that customer in the Collection Work Screen.

Also used by the Accounting team at the BSC
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1400
{\fs20
5. Collector Queue Listing
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1600
{\fs20
6. Repossession Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1800
{\fs20
7. Repo-Deficiency Balance Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2000
{\fs20
8. Collector File Maintenance
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2200
{\fs20
9. Collector Pool Maintenance
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2400
{\fs20
10. Group Maintenance
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2600
{\fs20
11. Extraction Set-Up
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat5\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb5\fs20
COLUMN 2
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
12. Collector Queue Set-Up
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li800
{\fs20
13. Collector Reschedule Listing
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li1000
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
14. Colllector Activity Inquiry
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
CJINQ

DMs: Gives you same info as the Collector Activity Journal Report (2, page 1 21 ) except it is not broken down by time. It gives you an employee, number of calls, and codes used (ex: LM--left message)

Quick snapshot in time for productivity check but redundant.
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
{\fs20
15. Collection Report (BY BRNO/LPO)
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1400
{\fs20
16. Time Zone File Maintenance
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1600
{\fs20
17. Borrower Time Zone Audit Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1800
{\fs20
18. Global Collector Pool Maintenance
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2000
{\fs20
19. Global Collector Queue Listing
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2200
{\fs20
20. Global Collector Journal Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2400
{\fs20
21. Repo Re-Notice Reporting
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2600
{\fs20
22. First 3 Payment Default Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2800
{\fs20
23. Disposition Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li200
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
5. BATCH PROCESSING
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
sp/eomenu
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat8\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb8\fs20
1. Procedure (Batch) Processing
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
RVPs: Look at operational states, can create a combination of a lot of different reports

- PRM: Promise List All
- PDR: Past Due Renewables
DM &amp; Branches: Batches (creates) the reports you select. By hitting F6 you can see all of the options for reports branches can batch. Common ones used:
- ALW: All open accounts in alphabetical order
- AP\u128551\'3f Just pay outs

Accounting: UIR, ACR, EM1, EM2, MN1, MN2, LOT, REF
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat8\ltrpar\li600
{\cf1\cb8\fs20
2. Procedure Report Print, Transfer & Release
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
SP/EOQRPT

DMs &amp; Branches: Prints what you chose to batch in menu option 1
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li800
{\fs20
3. Procedure Listing
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\fs20
4. Batch Transfer Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
{\fs20
5. Batch Processing By Group with Local Spooling
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1400
{\fs20
6. Group Batch Execution Driver
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1600
{\fs20
7. Loan Processing Batch Process
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li200
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
6. EOD
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
LP/LPEDMU
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat5\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb5\fs20
COLUMN 1
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
1. Batch Form Print
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li800
{\fs20
2. Procedure Report Print
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li1000
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
3. Transaction Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li1200
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
4. Loan Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1400
{\fs20
5. Sales Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li1600
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
6. Cash Receipt/Disbursement Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1800
{\fs20
7. Check Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2000
{\fs20
8. Daily Recap Journal
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2200
{\fs20
9. Payoff Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2400
{\fs20
10. Allotment Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat5\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb5\fs20
COLUMN 2
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
11. Form Request File Purge
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li800
{\fs20
12. Notice File Purge
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\fs20
13. Future Use
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
{\fs20
14. Dealer Journals
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1400
{\fs20
15. Customer Statement Extraction
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1600
{\fs20
16. Customer Label Extraction
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li1800
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
17. End of Day GL Detail By Account
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2000
{\fs20
18. Revolving Statement Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2200
{\fs20
19. End of Day GL Detail by GL Account
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li2400
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
20. Debit Balancing Report
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li2400
EMTRR3

At EOD BM and FSR print 6,20 (All reports) and 6,21 (Fund to Debit). They print the transactions they processed separately and together. They export the version that shows all debit transactions togther. They close their drawer and Print the QED report. Then they compare their transactions to the info they print from Repay and compare. BM initials that the $ amounts match
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li2600
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
21. Debit Card Proceeds Report
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li2600
LP/DBREPT
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li200
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
7. EOM
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\b0\i0\fs24
1. Month End Earnings Report & Update
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\b0\i0\fs24
2. View/Print Month End Earnings Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\b0\i0\fs24
3. Dealer Analysis Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\b0\i0\fs24
4. Branch Analysis Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\b0\i0\fs24
5. Aged Trial Balance
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\b0\i0\fs24
6. Dealer Statement Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\b0\i0\fs24
7. End of Month Clear & Profile Update
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\b0\i0\fs24
8. Reports & Purges Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
9. Insurance Premium/ Refund Reports
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
Accounting uses all menu options depending on need
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li600
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
1. Credit Life and A&H Premium Refund Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li800
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
2. Personal Property Premium Refund Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li1000
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
3. Other #1 Insurance Premium Refund Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li1200
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
4. Other #2 Insurance Premium Refund Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li1400
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
5. Other #3 Insurance Premium Refund Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li1600
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
6. Fee-Code Insurance Premium/Refund Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li1800
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
7. Monthly Insurance Report Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li2000
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
8. Monthly Insurance Sales Tax Report - PP, O2, O3
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li2200
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
9. Monthly Insurance Sales Tax Report - CL,AH,PP,O1,O2
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li2400
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
10. Dealer Fee-Code Insurance Premium/Refund Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\b0\i0\fs24
10. Unearned Insurance Earnings Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
11. Month End Registers Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat5\ltrpar\li600
{\cf1\cb5\fs20
Page 1
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li800
{\b0\i0\fs24
1. Sales Finance Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li1000
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
2. Direct Loan Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
{\b0\i0\fs24
3. Paid Out Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li1400
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
4. Check Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li1600
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
5. Cash/Bank Receipt/Disburse Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1800
{\b0\i0\fs24
6. Deferment Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li2000
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
7. Other Charges Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2200
{\b0\i0\fs24
8. Date Change Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2400
{\b0\i0\fs24
9. Audit/Changes Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li2600
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
10. Write-Off Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li2800
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
11. Write-Off Activity Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li3000
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
12. Transaction Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li3200
{\b0\i0\fs24
13. Pool Activity Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li3400
{\b0\i0\fs24
14. Insurance Addon Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li3600
{\b0\i0\fs24
15. Allotment Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li3800
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
16. Transfer Purch/Service Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li4000
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
17. Branch (Bulk) Account Transfer
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li4200
{\b0\i0\fs24
18. Z2 Payments Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li4400
{\b0\i0\fs24
19. Dealer Service / AFP Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li4600
{\b0\i0\fs24
20. Set PoolID Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li4800
{\b0\i0\fs24
21. Class (Account) Transfer Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li5000
{\b0\i0\fs24
22. Conversion Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li5200
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
23. Cash Drawer Transaction Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li5400
{\b0\i0\fs24
24. Paid Out & PL Loan Hard Copy
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li5600
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
25. Selective Cash/Bank Rec/Disb Reg.
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li5800
{\b0\i0\fs24
26. Dealer Payoff Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li6000
{\b0\i0\fs24
27. Pool Activity By Dealer
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li6200
{\b0\i0\fs24
28. Summary Check Register By Branch
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li6400
{\b0\i0\fs24
29. Cash Disburse Register - GL Range
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li6600
{\b0\i0\fs24
30. Misc. Check Register By Payee
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat5\ltrpar\li600
{\cf1\cb5\fs20
Page 2
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li800
{\b0\i0\fs24
1. IB Interest Collected Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\b0\i0\fs24
2. Salesman Loan Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
{\b0\i0\fs24
3. Disbursement Overage Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1400
{\b0\i0\fs24
4. Mexico Union Transaction Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
12. Check Reconciliation
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\b0\i0\fs24
13. Revolving Insurance Earnings Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\b0\i0\fs24
14. Unearned Fee Code Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
{\b\fs28
LEGEND
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
In order to see how each Field Level uses a particular screen option click the notes/comment icon to the right of the menu option.
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat8\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb8\fs20
RVP
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li600
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
DM
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li800
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
BM & FSR
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li1000
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
ACCOUNTING
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat3\ltrpar\li200
{\cf1\cb3\fs20
8. EOY
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li200
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
9. SPECIAL PROCEDURES
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
SP/SPMENU
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
1. Utilities Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
2. File Listing Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
3. File Maintenance Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
4. Batch Payment Processing
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
5. Conversion Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
6. Bulk (Branch) Account Transfers
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
7. Class Transfer (Accounts)
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
8. Bulk Purchase
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
9. Sales Finance Batch Processing
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
10. Bulk Transfer Accounts For Group
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
11. Last 4 SSNO Scan
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
FSRs &amp; BMs use this to quickly find a Customer's Account using the last 4 of their SSN and Last Name. Gives them
- Full SSNO
- Name
- Account Number
- Branch Number
- Loan Date
- Payoff Date (if applicable)
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
12. Customer Phone Number Search
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
SP/PHONE

DM &amp; Branches: Can use this to search for a customer using a phone number if they aren't sure who called the branch and want to pull up their account first before calling back
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
13. Branch Transfer One Account
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
14. Direct Loan Batch Processing
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
15. Securitization Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat2\ltrpar\li200
{\cf1\cb2\fs20
10. OPTIONAL MODULES
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
SP/OPMENU
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
1. Advertising /Solicitation
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
LP/ASMENU
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat9\ltrpar\li600
{\cb9\fs20
1. Loan File Solicitation Extraction
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat9\ltrpar\li600
{\cb9\fs20
2. Borrower Solicitation Extraction
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li600
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
3. Open Account Solicitation Extraction
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
LP/ASOPEN

DM &amp; Branches: Used if you want to send letters in bulk to certain customers that you specify
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li600
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
4. Paid Out Account Solicitation Extraction
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
SP/ASPAID

DMs &amp; Branches: Used to send letters to paid out customers
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\cbpat4\ltrpar\li600
{\cf1\cb4\fs20
5. Open Account Solicitation (Report By Birthdate)
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
LP/BWBDAY

Letters for birthday cards. Rarely used?
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
6. Loan File Solicitation Extraction
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
2. General Ledger
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
RVPs: Used to have an option here where they would go into 2, 99 and be able to see a Rating Sheet, but it is no longer an option. They liked being able to print the entire screen or only line items
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\b0\i0\fs24
1. Maintenance Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\b0\i0\fs24
2. Reports/Listing Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\b0\i0\fs24
3. Journal Entries
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\b0\i0\fs24
4. Transaction Inquiry
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\b0\i0\fs24
5. G/L Transaction Update
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\b0\i0\fs24
6. Close Fiscal Period
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\b0\i0\fs24
7. End of Year
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\b0\i0\fs24
8. Financial Stmts Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\b0\i0\fs24
9. GL Extractions
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\b0\i0\fs24
10. Old Journal Entries
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li600
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
99. World Rating Sheet/Month-End Processing Menu (Hidden)
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat5\ltrpar\li800
{\cf1\cb5\fs20
Updates
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\b0\i0\fs24
1. Create New Months Rating Sheet
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
{\b0\i0\fs24
2. Insurance Claims Update
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1400
{\b0\i0\fs24
3. Insurance Claims Update to TRFile
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1600
{\b0\i0\fs24
4. LOS Insurance Claims Update
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1800
{\b0\i0\fs24
5. LOS Claims Update to TRFile
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2000
{\b0\i0\fs24
6. Motor Club Claims Update
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2200
{\b0\i0\fs24
7. Motor Club Claims Update to TRFile
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2400
{\b0\i0\fs24
8. Statistics Rating Sheet Update
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2600
{\b0\i0\fs24
9. Copy RISC2 Files
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2800
{\b0\i0\fs24
10. Off-Line Branch Entry
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li3000
{\b0\i0\fs24
11. GL Rating Sheet Update
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li3200
{\b0\i0\fs24
12. Force GL Balance
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li3400
{\b0\i0\fs24
13. Rating Sheet Bonus Report/Update
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li3600
{\b0\i0\fs24
14. Proficiency Performance Update
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li3800
{\b0\i0\fs24
15. Supervisor Proficiency Performance
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat5\ltrpar\li800
{\cf1\cb5\fs20
Maintenances/Misc
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\b0\i0\fs24
16. Rating Sheet Maintenace
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
{\b0\i0\fs24
17. Proficiency Points Maintenance
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1400
{\b0\i0\fs24
18. Misc Maintenance/Listing Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat5\ltrpar\li800
{\cf1\cb5\fs20
Reports
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\b0\i0\fs24
19. Rating Sheet
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
{\b0\i0\fs24
20. Sales Finance Rating Sheet
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1400
{\b0\i0\fs24
21. Comparative OPS (One Account)
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li1600
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
22. Insurance Statistics Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li1800
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
23. Insurance Claims Register
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2000
{\b0\i0\fs24
24. Nonfile Insurance Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2200
{\b0\i0\fs24
25. Monthly Supervisor Bonus Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2400
{\b0\i0\fs24
26. Performance Running Totals
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2600
{\b0\i0\fs24
27. Proficiency Rating Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li2800
{\b0\i0\fs24
28. YTD Proficiency Points
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li3000
{\b0\i0\fs24
29. Supervisor Proficiency Rating
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li3200
{\b0\i0\fs24
30. Supervisor Bonus Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li3400
{\b0\i0\fs24
31. YTD Nonfile Stats Report
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li3600
{\b0\i0\fs24
32. Supervisor Quarterly Bonus Extract
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li3800
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
33. GL Reconcile Report By State
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
3. Document Design
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
4. Credit Bureau
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
5. IRS Magnetic Media Reporting
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
6. Branch Consolidation
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
7. Note System
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
8. Accounts Payable
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
9. User Security Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat9\ltrpar\li400
{\cb9\fs20
10. Report Writer Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat9\ltrpar\li400
{\cb9\fs20
11. Insurance Reporting Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat7\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb7\fs20
12. Bank Processing Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat9\ltrpar\li400
{\cb9\fs20
13. MISC File Extractions Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
14. Mail List Solicitation Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
15. World Class Buying Club Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
16. Branch Information Maintenance
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
17. Loan Applications Master Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
18. Employee Time Card Menu
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat10\ltrpar\li400
{\cf1\cb10\fs20
19. Electronic Payment Processing
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\cbpat8\ltrpar\li200
{\cf1\cb8\fs20
11. ALTERNATE BRANCH LOGIN
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
LP/OTHBR

Used by BSC, DMs, RVPs to change locations to view in OTIS

Also Dual BMs
\par\pard\plain}
}